Olivia Hye: I've changed my clothes!
Olivia Hye: Can you see?
Olivia Hye: Can't you see?
Olivia Hye: How do I look? It's a two-piece!
Olivia Hye: It sort of feels like LOOΠΔ 1/3!
Olivia Hye: There are many dogs~
Olivia Hye: I really love dogs
Olivia Hye: Also there are many pigeons~
Chuu: Today is the first day of photo shooting!
Chuu: This fine weather makes me feel good even though I'm working here!
Go Won: I'm looking around to find a good place to take selfie.
Go Won: I just did my hair.
Go Won: It's a half-up ponytail!
Go Won: I feel excited when I wear a beautiful clothes like this.
Go Won: My hair
Go Won: My hair, make-up
Go Won: My hair, make-up, and clothes.
Go Won: My hair, make-up, and clothes. I love everything!
Go Won: So I'm taking photos happily!
Yves: I don't know where here is !
Yves: Anyway, here is a park
Yves: I'm very happy during this photo shooting~
Yves: So I'm looking forward to the next shoot~
Yves: I heard that there will be a photo shoot at night!
Yves: I'm super excited about it~
Yves: I'm having so much fun now!
(LOOΠΔ / yyxy making good memories in Budapest!)